On matters with the Land of
Waves, our Feudal Lord Ikkyu
Madoka has said this:
"The security risk they
currently pose to the middle
seas, cannot be ignored.
(Newscaster) Thus we will remain
resolute."
Well, that's rather
unsettling to hear.
What it means is a majority of
people still refuse to believe
the war has ended.
Exactly, well put. We're lucky
our village's recovery went
well. Am I right?
Well, it's all thanks to
everyone's hard work!
Yes, true.
(Iruka) To secure peace in the
Hidden Leaf Village, everyone
worked together.
And they did a brilliant job.
I'm extremely proud of
that.
[chuckles]
However, the one thing I'm still
worried about is that you're the
current Hokage.
[grunts] I know what's
coming next...
You often got into trouble
as a kid, as I recall.
[groans]
Anyway, what's so urgent that
the busy Lord Hokage would come
to the Academy personally?
What did you want to tell us?
Oh, of course.
(Naruto) As you can see...
I've been in regular contact
with the Land of Water...
and we're finally about to reach
a settlement.
Hmm?
Starting from this year on, the
Academy's field trips are gonna
be much more extravagant!
What, to the Land of Water?
Without a mission?
Don't you think
it's a great idea?
I don't know, is it?
Without a doubt, it will
require a bit of courage.
But, maybe it's time we took a
step forward.
Hmm?
[sighs] I can't do this as well
as Mitsuki can.
Maybe it went like this.
[gasps]
Boruto! Just what are
you doing?
Well, don't get mad, but
everyone says you wear a wig, so
I had to try and...
[groans]
Was that a Wind Style there?
That's not part of your
curriculum yet.
Uh, yeah, right! That's what I
was trying to show you.
I've been practicing and
sharpening my skills at
formulating ninjutsu.
Don't you lie to
me, wise guy!
Alright Boruto, the
truth, now.
Uh!
Ugh, so lame! What're you
doing here, Dad?
A little something
called "working."
If you're gonna pull pranks, at
least do it with some finesse
and don't be so damn obvious.
Hey, shut up! Like I need you
to tell me anything about that,
Dad!
What did you say?
Aw, you heard me!
[growls]
Again with these two.
[muffled protest grunts]
[worried groans]
So, what'd he do?
Oh, the dummy tried to prank
the principal yesterday.
Well, it's a creative
punishment.
Figures. What an idiot.
For the first time in the
school's history...
we will conduct a field trip
outside the village.
This is truly a
milestone.
(Shino) Now, everyone must
exercise extreme caution.
The Land of Water?
The ocean, fresh fish
on a grill, delicious.
This means I get to buy a
cute new swimsuit!
[happy shrieks]
The Land of Water, and
the Hidden Mist Village,
huh?
This can't be a good idea. Are
we gonna be okay?
But that stuff happened
so long ago. Why worry?
Well, yeah, I suppose
it's got nothing to do
with us.
You will be representing
our village.
And a word of warning:
Don't cause any trouble.
If something should happen,
consider the field trip
cancelled immediately.
I just realized, this means no
classes for a while, then!
Yeah, awesome!
Wait a second guys, you
know field trips aren't
for fun, right?
(Doushu) Why you gotta
ruin everything?
(Houki) Yeah, you're such a
buzzkill, dude.
[sighs] Why are boys so
predictably moronic?
[clears throat]
Okay, I'll be needing a student
leader for this field trip. Any
volunteers?
Really? Not one of you?
He's got to be kidding. Who'd
ever want to play babysitter for
this bunch of delinquents?
Who would want to volunteer for
such a thankless job?
[wincing] Please don't pick me.
Please, please, please don't
pick me!
(Sarada) Sensei!
I think Boruto Uzumaki would be
an excellent choice for our trip
leader! How about it?
[grunting protests]
Hey, great idea! I think he'd be
the perfect choice for this too,
Sensei! Don't you?
I mean, he's always the center
of attention. He's cheerful and
energetic and loud.
Really, there's no one
better, right?
Yeah, I agree!
Uh‐huh, I agree, too!
[students agreeing]
(Inojin) After all he has to
be in the lead, anyway!
I see. Are you sure,
then?
So, this is actually what Boruto
meant by us being classmates?
[muffled screams]
But, but I...
[muffled] Class Rep, help me,
please! Come on!
[winces]
[muffled scream]
[muffled screaming]
I think our field trip leader
has something he's trying to
say.
What's the matter with
you guys? Can't you think
for yourselves?
You don't get to make
decisions for me without
my say‐so!
What about my opinion? You gotta
respect what I want!
Oh yeah, and also!
Don't let us down now, leader!
We're all counting on you, ya
know?
Whatever, you guys made
this decision, not me!
But the honest truth is, you
really are the best one for the
job!
For real?
(Denki) Uh‐huh. You'll be great
at getting the class to come
together.
Jeez, then I guess I have no
choice! Looks like you guys have
to listen to me, then!
You bet!
Nice work. You've gotten really
good at handling Boruto.
[chuckles]
Hey? Slacking off again already?
Don't embarrass us like that
when we're in another village.
Man, it's gonna be such a
drag.
Really. Do you guys ever do
anything else besides mess
around?
And speaking of which...
It sounds to me like the Hidden
Mist Village is right in the
middle of nowhere.
Do they even have
anything to do?
Don't worry about that.
If I have any say in it, you
know we're totally gonna liven
things up.
All this confidence, now?
For better or worse, you
guys made me the leader.
I wish I could see the same
resolve in you during regular
school hours.
[scoffs] Don't get too
carried away, now.
Not long ago, that place used to
be known as the "Bloody Mist
Village."
Huh?
It's bad news, you guys.
Did you have a tough
time there, Iwabe?
(Iwabe) Not really.
Although, if anything happens,
I'll pulverize them I promise.
Later.
If anything happens? Are you
kidding? Weren't you listening
to Shino Sensei?
Sarada seems a little over
excited to me, don't ya think?
Hmm.
Handkerchief, a change of
clothes, some school supplies,
anything else?
Plenty of snacks, games, my
chargers, my Shinobi Bout
deck!
Do you really need to
take all of that?
This stuff will help me pass
the time while I'm away.
Well, I hope your teacher
doesn't scold you for bringing
all the wrong things.
You're so lucky, Big Brother!
I know, right? Don't worry,
I'll bring back lots of
souvenirs for you.
You have to promise,
okay?
I don't know how things are in
the Land of Water now...
but they might be very different
from here.
And don't you dare do
anything too careless or
dangerous.
And don't forget, follow all of
your sensei's directions, and...
Hey. It's okay, I know! I'm off
now, see ya!
Have the best time ever!
[sighs]
[giggling]
I packed so much stuff, it's
ridiculous. Look at all this!
Hmm. Wouldn't
expect any less!
(Cho‐Cho) Hey! You want one?
(Sumire) Oh, thank you!
It's amazing!
What's amazing?
On the other side of that ocean
are other lands and so many
different villages.
(Sumire) It's hard to even
imagine.
Totally.
[chewing]
Oh, come on. Why are
you so sentimental?
Well, I'm allowed to be!
Hey, can I ask you.
Hmm?
In class the other day, why'd
you pick Boruto as the trip
leader?
Uh.
Good question! It could've
been anyone else, couldn't it?
So why?
Well, because I, I thought that
he...
Hey, you talking about
me?
Ugh, mind your own business!
It's nothing, go away!
Why? I have every right
to be up on this deck and
look at the ocean, too!
You take nothing
seriously! [chomps]
Yeah well, you're too
tense, you need to calm
down!
(Boruto) You've been really high
strung lately, even for you!
Got a problem?
Course not. You can be
as stressed as you want.
I'm not interested in becoming
the Hokage, anyway.
You're the only one in the
entire village who can't see how
great Lord Seventh is.
And yet, I'm also the only one
who sees what a loser my dad
actually is.
You know what everybody says?
That your dad was unbelievably
strong.
Don't you think that's like way
cooler?
So what? We're not
talking about him.
My goal is to become a
shinobi, just like Lord
Seventh!
Oh yeah, well, if you're that
determined to become Hokage...
then maybe you should take over
as the field trip leader.
(Sarada) [giggles]
Hmm?
Hmm. I nominated you to be the
leader for this to keep you from
going off on your own...
and making trouble, like
always.
I had to make sure our
trip'd be fun!
You're so sneaky! Nice way to
act, for someone who wants to
be Hokage!
[giggles]
[mocking giggles]
It's not funny!
Ha ha!
(Boruto) Ha ha! Shut up, I said
it's not funny!
There is no way I'm getting
involved with that.
Huh?
[children chatting]
(Denki) Here!
Ugh! So you're the one
who had that card!
Damn it! Why don't I have any
red cards in this stupid hand?
Oh, yes! And I
win this one!
Aw, it's so unfair! Every single
card in my hand was useless.
[disappointed sigh]
For a while there, I figured I
might have had a chance.
You so got your
butt kicked, Boruto.
Shut up. Besides, I wanna win in
one big sweep, anyway!
What's the point, though, if you
don't have the hand?
[grunts] Okay.
One...more...hand!
[chuckles] Fine by me!
Great! That means you
can lose yet again!
Not this time!
This game sucks now.
Nothing but mist.
(Denki) The view outside hasn't
changed at all!
I wish we were there
already.
Kids these days.
[sleeping breaths]
[sleepy grunt]
Huh?
(Boruto) Mitsuki?
You alright, Boruto?
I needed the bathroom. But this
boat is so big, I got a little
lost.
What about you?
Hmm.
Figured as much.
Hey, wait!
That thing you can do, it's kind
of a "swoosh." So cool, how do
you do it?
You mean, the Wind Scythe?
Yeah, that one. I keep trying
it, but it still isn't working.
If it were easy, everyone
could do it.
(Boruto) Oh, is that right?
I don't have it yet, but I'm
almost there.
Besides, you don't know about
Chakra Natures yet. Uh.
(Mitsuki) Oh, field trip leader.
Hmm?
(Mitsuki) It's coming into view.
[awed]
The Village Hidden
in the Mist.
Pretty amazing, right?
Yeah.
I'd heard this place
was really rural.
But it's even more modern than
the Hidden Leaf Village!
Alright everyone, it's time to
line up for roll call. Move it!
And please, let's
stay together!
Our guide from the Hidden Mist
will be arriving shortly, so
please be on your best behavior.
We're getting a guide?
Do you think they'll be a
teacher from here?
Hello! Welcome to the Hidden
Mist Village.
[surprised/impressed
reactions]
My name is Kagura Karatachi. And
I'll be your guide today.
Hmm?
[gasps/awes]
Lord Kagura, thank
you for coming.
It's my pleasure. I'm
honored to be your guide.
The Mizukage's aide, Kagura
Karatachi.
(Anko) Incidentally, he's not
much older than any of
you.
[girls] What?
(Namida) He's not like any of
the other boys in our class.
Huh, sure, he looks pretty hot
on the outside, but does he have
a good personality?
(Boruto) He's kinda like, well,
like a sword.
(Boruto) Huh?
[nervous grunt]
It is truly an honor.
A warm welcome, son of Naruto
Uzumaki, the legendary Seventh
Hokage and his classmates.
Aw, just knock it off!
Hmm?
Please, let's just leave my dad
out of this. Boruto Uzumaki.
But you can call me
Boruto, 'kay?
[chuckles] As you wish.
(Kagura) Then, I insist you
call me Kagura.
(Boruto) Great! Nice to meet
you, Kagura!
[street chatter]
I'd heard the rumors, but
it's amazing here.
Sensei!
Could you take a pic?
(Boruto) Whoa! This version of
Shinobi Bout isn't even
available in the Leaf Village!
Looks like a limited
edition.
Oh, yeah. Now what? Do we buy
it?
Maybe if we split the cost.
This lively port town is the hub
of distribution and trade.
(Kagura) We get our goods and
products from various lands.
And it's a bustling tourist
destination.
Wow, the Hidden Mist
Village is so awesome.
That's wonderful to hear. I
thank you.
We're very proud of our village.
Uh. [gasps]
Hey! Are you a
Kagemasa fan, too?
Uh, yeah. His movies are great,
aren't they?
Whoa! That's a super‐rare
premium gift that you can only
get at theaters!
(Denki) Name your price!
Just tell me how much you
want for it!
There it is, and the
rich boy comes out.
[uncomfortable laugh]
Hey! Why didn't you say so
before! So cool! Heh.
[chuckles]
Hey, no fair! The boys are
hogging all of Kagura's
attention!
I just hope their stupidity
doesn't rub off on him.
Hmph.
Hmm?
Iwabe, wait!
[exhausted breaths] What's
up? Don't go disappearing on us!
Yeah, Iwabe! C'mon.
Boruto, you're friends with
Iwabe, right? So go and look
for him.
(Sarada) Denki, keep an eye on
him.
[groans]
Where I go is nobody
else's business.
You can't just go wandering off.
It's not our village.
Yeah, but it is pretty amazing.
(Denki) I'd almost call it
over the top.
(Iwabe) It's all a cover‐up.
Hmm?
It's true. I told you this used
to be a terrible place.
Their shameful history, was
hidden by all these fancy new
buildings.
[cheering]
Hmm.
Yeah, but that's all in
the past!
This is supposed to be
our field trip.
So, let's enjoy ourselves!
[grunts] Whoa! [grunts]
Boruto!
Oww.
[laughing] Whoops, sorry! C'mon,
let's go.
Hold up a second.
You know I just saw you
bump into him.
Yeah? So what if I did?
You Hidden Leaf rats have no
business snooping around here.
What, now?
[gasps]
Hang on. You mean you already
knew we were from the Hidden
Leaf Village?
Yeah, I could tell right away
'cause of your ugly faces.
Guess this village isn't
so cool, after all.
[grunts] I'm gonna teach you
some manners, you punk!
Ha!
(Shizuma) Stop it, Hassaku.
[grunts]
Leave these poor kids alone and
walk away.
You're just embarrassing
yourself.
[scoffs] Whatever you say,
Shizuma.
He's so fast! [grunts]
So, you're Boruto, the
Hokage's son, huh?
[grunts]
[chuckles] You have nice eyes,
kid.
Huh? You, you really think so?
Yeah. And you also stood your
ground against Hassaku. That
took guts.
That right there is ninja
material.
[nervous breathing]
Let's go, Hassaku. C'mon.
[scoffs]
(Shizuma) Sorry about that! You
boys enjoy your time, here in
the Bloody Mist Village.
[gasps]
Mist?
Oh.
(Boruto) Those guys from
earlier, and Kagura.
We don't see anyone like them in
the Leaf.
(Mitsuki) Kagura Karatachi, he's
a top aide to the Sixth
Mizukage.
He's in line to be the head of
the new Seven Ninja Swordsmen of
the Mist.
(Cho‐Cho) He seems like a man
with great prospects for the
future.
He's kind, considerate, best of
all, he's competent!
(Boruto) Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations: The
Mizukage's Successor.
No way! I'm way more awesome!